Okay, so, yeah, I guess let's talk through, you know, what is going to make these things flash and, you know, give pop-ups or whatever, what is, um, I guess one question I have is I have on the server side, why does it say 94 delayed, and on kitchen side it says only Yeah, but overall, you know, there's just too much fuckin' flashing goin' on. And, uh, you know, too many things that probably shouldn't be there, but... Yeah, I guess tell me how... No, I don't really care about the kitchen settings, like, that's something to do way way down the road. Um, just, I mean, what do you think we should do from here, I guess? Thanks for watching! Like, how should we... What do you need to know from me, I guess? Any clarifying questions? Give me some suggestions on how we can make like the whole flashing thing a little simpler or you know less fucking annoying and more subtle Um So Okay, so I like how you know now it says estimated completion, but you know, it says like For example It's 11 36 right now. It says estimated completion 924 For one You know on another one I have one cooking that says like Estimated completion 11 11, which is 30 minutes ago. So we need to like think about how to update that. Maybe we have um Um Let's think um, I don't know exactly but like I like the estimated completion time and then maybe like a different one for Updated completion time or should Not have two buttons the first one or the um, the estimated completion time just updates automatically That's probably what we should do and um And then, you know, that would be good stat to keep track of like Estimated completion time versus actual completed time for the owner at some point Now on the individual ticket, I don't really need to see the order number, or the floor number, just the bay number, or table, etc. Maybe in the kitchen we should implement a search bar? Where they can search by the status, or bay, ticket number, etc. Would that make sense? So use my thoughts as just a base point and then, you know, implement it how it makes sense or propose to me how it makes sense first. I'll just, you know, use exactly what I say.