Okay, so... Thank you. It's working really well. Now, what I want to talk through is, um... Well, one error now, I guess, would be on the kitchen side. There, um... When they receive an order... It doesn't have those customizations and notes. I don't think you've updated that yet. and I see how you know it says like or it switched from available to active on the bay this is good um or I guess kind of good I want to talk through the what makes sense logically there what you know what are our options I guess first we probably want to have something just for like seated if they're there but haven't ordered and then you know what I would like so I guess I just want to talk through what it is as far as like active that's the only thing I see right now but we haven't talked through it I guess I would probably like for it to implement or kind of work with the um existing pipeline as far as like new cooking plating ready served delayed um you know like if their order is behind maybe the bay color just turns red if it's if it's new maybe it says like you know order placed if it's cooking maybe it says cooking and the color changes to blue I mean not blue I'm sorry to yellow like the same thing we have now with the kitchen um and then served maybe this says served so another thing once I place an order and I and it says active And I click on the individual bay. It just shows the menu again. What I think it should show once they've already placed an order is their ticket and where it is in the process. For example, at the bottom of the screen on the server side, servers who place orders, when I click on view details, that is probably what we should see when we click on the individual bay. Um, but maybe, you know, we also probably need something where we can add to that order if we need to. Or, yeah, yeah. Does all that make sense? I like how, you know, where it says active it's just a, you know, one word change and color change. I want to do that across the board for like, you know, cooking, plating, etc. So it's not like too complex and have a bunch of unnecessary things.