That's significantly better, thank you. We're getting close, I can taste it. Now, one thing I would like to see changed, however, is, you know, when it goes from cooking to plating, can we change the color to purple on the menu item? I really like how you did the individual ones, that's great. And then also, you know, for plating, where it's, I guess, like the purple, just in general, or what do you think? Now, some things I need help thinking through are, I guess, you know, we probably do need a stage for closed now, because I see served 64, and, you know, we need to think, like, in real life, how is it going to reset? Will it be daily, or what? And let's see, because, you know, I see, like, served, and then see time, like, 6033, etc., So we definitely need a way to close out these tickets. That'll work for my demo, and then also for real life and application. So... You know, I don't know at what point we keep nailing that down, and like the kitchen stuff, or when this be a good time to try to get the base status to sync with it. When I click on the base, or it says new and available when I see blue and gray, but don't see cooking and when it's plating for purple, I guess, and then served. Or ready and served, I guess. So what I would like is probably... I guess I like it now where gray is available, blue is new, like that's working good when you place an order. Then when it's cooking, turns to yellow or orange, whatever color you have now, says cooking. When all the individual items are done cooking, it will be purple and plating, and then when it's ready, maybe the bay thing is flashing green and says ready, and then once an order is marked as served, it just says served and is green. But again, let me know if you think there's a better, or if we shouldn't do that first, if we should keep nailing down the kitchen, because I got things I want to change with that, too. But, you know, the core part is working better, I guess. The thing that I'm going to want to look at is, like, the timing of everything, and how the system, like, marks something is delayed, and then some of these, like, flashing things are, like, too much. I don't want to talk that through, but you let me know what we can do at this point.
