It's absolutely fantastic. Fantastic job. So at this point, should we work on the whole delayed workflow and talk through the timing of things, or should we work on the bay cards or bar cards or table cards, whatever you want to call it, getting those to sync as well with everything? It shouldn't be that difficult for you to do that at this point because like the active orders and completed orders, like the thing at the bottom of the screen for the server side, it's syncing perfectly with like the order details showing if it's, you know, for the individual items and whole ticket, if it's plating, if it's ready, if it's cooking, all that. But when I click on the individual bay cards, it is actually working well too with showing, you know, if it's plating or cooking for the ticket and individual items. However, since we don't have a way to close out these tickets, it's just showing all the orders like gone back a couple days ago for that ticket, which obviously isn't good. So should we implement that at this point, you think, or do the other steps? Because, you know, and basically with the bay cards and everything, it's still just doing the gray available and then blue if it's new, but not changing yellow or gold, whatever color that is, if cooking and purple for plating, green, flashing green for ready, and then just solid green for served. What are your thoughts? But it's just working fantastic now. Thank you so much. One thing I'm kind of concerned about is right now it keeps saying failed to create checkpoints and this whole time we haven't been creating checkpoints and um for some reason you have like some git lock thing on here so i can't commit to git and push to github and so i'm really worried you know about not saving this and and losing all this amazing progress we've done so basically after all your responses i'm just downloading this as a zip file but you know that's obviously not efficient I'm not sure, um, what we should do about this. I have a secret installed. GITHUB_TOKEN And my username is AtlasGrowth. The repo name is...504golf atlasgrowth not capital If you can help me try to commit and push to there, that would be good.
